Adding AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter (#760)
moq-wg/moq-transport: draft-ietf-moq-transport.md

  open subgroup stream, it MAY send a STOP_SENDING on that stream or
  terminate the subscription.

> * Auth Token Cache Overflow - the Session limit {{max-auth-token-cache-size}} of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Auth Token Cache Overflow - the Session limit {{max-auth-token-cache-size}} on the size of
```

  Alias is optional.

* Token Value - the payload of the Token. The contents and serialization of this
  payload are defined by the Token Type.

The receiver of a message containing an invalid AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter MUST
reject that message with an "Invalid Auth Token" error. This may be due to invalid
serialization, referencing an alias which has not been registered, attempting to
register an alias which has been previously registered, or providing a token value
which does not match the declared Token type.

Clients SHOULD only register tokens which they intend to re-use during the session.
Client SHOULD retire previously registered tokens once their utility has passed.

By registering a Token, the client is requiring the receiver to store the Token Alias
and Token Value until they are retired, or the Session ends. The receiver can protect
its resources by sending a SETUP parameter defining the MAX_AUTH_SIZE {{max-auth-size}}
limit it is willing to accept. If a registration is attempted which would cause this
limit to be exceeded, the receiver MUST reject that message with a
"Max Auth Limit Exceeded" error.

#### DELIVERY TIMEOUT Parameter {#delivery-timeout}

> The DELIVERY TIMEOUT parameter (Parameter Type 0x02) MAY appear in a

Reviewer 2: Is this renumbering from a different PR?

Author: No, I updated the renumbering to match #761 so that this type is even to support the varint value.

later in the stream. Once Objects have expired, their state becomes unknown, and
a relay that handles a subscription that includes those Objects re-requests them.

#### AUTHORIZATION ALIAS {#authorization-alias}

> AUTHORIZATION ALIAS parameter (Parameter Type 0x05) identifies an alias by which

Reviewer: I think this alias is intended to be a varint, but I'm not sure?  I think making it a varint would be sensible, since an arbitrary length string or sequence of bytes is yet another thing to worry about the length of.

Author: Shall I change it to type 0x06 then, which is even and therefore carrying a varint payload? What about the resolution of https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/issues/794

Reviewer: I think so.  Describing it as a varint would be helpful as well, since currently you don't say whether it's a varint or something else.

I'd like to land #761 soonish because I think it's a huge improvement, and then we can debate details later.

Author: Commit https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/commit/bb424eb771b65c33a215f7cd1875eaead64f9540 changes the type to 0x06 and explicitly mentions varint as the payload type.

which an AUTHORIZATION INFO (Parameter Type 0x02) can be referenced within the
current session. Transmission of both AUTHORIZATION ALIAS and AUTHORIZATION INFO
parameters in the same parameter set is an instruction to the receiver to associate

> the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS with the AUTHORIZATION INFO. Receivers processing future

Reviewer 3: I am not sure if this works if there are multiple authorization parameters in a control message . I feel we should allow for such feature.

Author: Our current rules prohibit repeating a parameter type in a message. 

If we change that, then we can look at https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/760#issuecomment-2698385821 for a solution.

Reviewer 3: I am in supportive of allowing it, It makes more sense for authorization parameter to have more than one value. 

My proposal is to allow each parameter to define if more than one value is allowed or not.

parameters sets in which only the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS is sent MUST process the
parameter set as if the AUTHORIZATION INFO had been retransmitted.

> If an AUTHORIZATION ALIAS is received without first having been associated with an

Reviewer: I wonder if this silent failure is what we want?  If someone thinks they're authenticated as bob, but they're actually anonymous, I can imagine some subtle breakages could occur.

Reviewer 3: This goes to my comment: https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1977932280

I agree with @ianswett that we should be explicit. In security, explicit posture is always the right design pattern.

Reviewer: Yes, please revise the PR whenever you have time.  You can mention it at today's presentation, but I suspect people will prefer failure over undefined behavior.

> AUTHORIZATION INFO in that session, then the receiver SHALL process the parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AUTHORIZATION INFO in that session, then the receiver SHOULD process the parameter
```

Reviewer: Or maybe MUST?

> set as if no AUTHORIZATION INFO had been included.

Author: [Restoring prior comment chain from Suhas]
[suhasHere](https://github.com/suhasHere) https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1977932280
I think we Should go stronger here and say terminate the connection.

@[wilaw](https://github.com/wilaw) wilaw https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1979438150
Session termination seems a bit dramatic, given that auth params are optional. By supplying an alias without a reference, the client is functionally no different to one that has not provided a token and hence the server should treat them identically.

@[suhasHere](https://github.com/suhasHere) suhasHere https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1979671108 •
Typically In security , it is recommended to be clear with the intent.
No auth parameters implies , there is nothing to authorize against.
Having authz parameters implies there is something we need to check before allowing the action.
But this one is in-between and my preference is to keep behavior explicit and we should disallow it.

Reviewer: I'd rather not terminate the connection unless there's a contract about exactly how many auth aliases the peer needs to support.

Author: Commit https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/760/commits/bb424eb771b65c33a215f7cd1875eaead64f9540 updates the behavior to be 

> If an AUTHORIZATION ALIAS is received in a message without that alias first having been associated with an AUTHORIZATION INFO in that session, then the receiver MUST reject that message with an "Invalid Auth alias" error.

If an AUTHORIZATION ALIAS is associated with an AUTHORIZATION INFO instance and then
later in the same session associated with a different AUTHORIZATION INFO instance,

> the receiver SHALL update the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS to reference the last provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the receiver SHOULD update the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS to reference the last provided
```
Or MUST?

> the receiver SHOULD update the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS to reference the last provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the receiver MUST update the AUTHORIZATION ALIAS to reference the last provided
```

> AUTHORIZATION INFO instance.

Author: [Restoring prior comment chain from Suhas]
[suhasHere](https://github.com/suhasHere) [yesterday](https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1977932280)
I think we Should go stronger here and say terminate the connection.

@[wilaw](https://github.com/wilaw) wilaw [3 hours ago](https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1979438150)
Session termination seems a bit dramatic, given that auth params are optional. By supplying an alias without a reference, the client is functionally no different to one that has not provided a token and hence the server should treat them identically.

@[suhasHere](https://github.com/suhasHere) suhasHere [2 hours ago](https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/756#discussion_r1979671108) • 
Typically In security , it is recommended to be clear with the intent.
No auth parameters implies , there is nothing to authorize against.
Having authz parameters implies there is something we need to check before allowing the action.
But this one is in-between and my preference is to keep behavior explicit and we should disallow it.

> AUTHORIZATION INFO instance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
AUTHORIZATION INFO instance!.
```

Some messages include a Parameters field that encode optional message
elements.

Senders MUST NOT repeat the same parameter type in a message unless the
parameter definition explicitly allows multiple instances of that type to
be sent in a single message. Receivers SHOULD check that there are no
unauthorized duplicate parameters and close the session as a

> 'Protocol Violation' if found.

Reviewer 4: Maybe it's worth clarifying that receivers MUST NOT check for duplicates on unknown parameters?

Note that since Setup parameters use a separate namespace, it is impossible for
these parameters to appear in Setup messages.

#### AUTHORIZATION TOKEN {#authorization-token}

> AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter (Parameter Type 0x01) identifies a track's
> authorization information in a SUBSCRIBE, SUBSCRIBE_ANNOUNCES, ANNOUNCE
> or FETCH message. This parameter is populated for cases where the authorization
> is required at the track level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter (Parameter Type 0x01) identifies a track's
authorization information in a SUBSCRIBE, SUBSCRIBE_ANNOUNCES, ANNOUNCE
TRACK_STATUS_REQUEST or FETCH message. This parameter is populated for
cases where the authorization is required at the track level.
```

The AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter MAY be repeated within a message.

The TOKEN value is a structured object containing an optional session-specific
alias. The Alias allows the client to reference a previously transmitted TOKEN
in future messages. The TOKEN value is serialized as follows:

~~~
TOKEN {
  Token Type (i),
  Alias Type (i),
  [Token Alias (i),]
  [Token Value (..)]
}
~~~
{: #moq-token format title="AUTHORIZATION TOKEN value"}

> * Token Type  - a numeric identifier for the type of Token payload being

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Token Type - a numeric identifier for the type of Token payload being
```

  transmitted. This type is defined by the IANA table "MOQT Auth Token Type". See
  {{iana}}. Type 0 is reserved to indicate that the type is not defined in the
  table and must be negotiated out-of-band between client and receiver.

* Alias Type - an integer defining both the serialization and the processing
  behavior of the receiver. This Alias type has the following code points:

> |------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | Code | Serialization and behavior                                              |
> |-----:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | 0x0  | There is an Alias but no Value. This Alias and the Token Value it was   |
> |      | previously associated with MUST be retired. Retiring removes them from  |
> |      | the pool of actively registered tokens.                                 |
> |------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | 0x1  | There is an Alias and a Value. This Alias MUST be associated  with the  |
> |      | Token Value for the duration of the Session. This action is termed      |
> |      | "registering" the Token.                                                |
> |------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | 0x2  | There is an Alias and no Value. Use the Token Value previously          |
> |      | registered with this Alias.                                             |
> |------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | 0x3  | There is no Alias and there is a Value. Use the Token Value as provided.|
> |      | The Token Value may be discarded after processing.                      |
> |------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| Code | Name       | Serialization and behavior                           |
|-----:|:-----------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x0  | DELETE     | There is an Alias but no Value. This Alias and the   |
|      |            | Token Value it was previously associated with MUST be|
|      |            | retired. Retiring removes them from the pool of      |
|      |            | actively registered tokens.                          |
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x1  | REGISTER   | There is an Alias and a Value. This Alias MUST be    |
|      |            | associated with the Token Value for the duration of  |
|      |            | the Session. This action is termed "registering" the |
|      |            | Token.                                               |
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x2  | USE_ALIAS  | There is an Alias and no Value. Use the Token Value  |
|      |            | previously registered with this Alias.               |
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x3  | USE_VALUE  | There is no Alias and there is a Value. Use the Token|
|      |            | Value as provided. The Token Value may be discarded  |
|      |            | after processing.                                    |
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|

```

> * Token Alias  - a session-specific integer identifier that references a Token

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Token Alias - a session-specific integer identifier that references a Token
```

  Value. The Token Alias MUST be unique within the Session. Once a Token Alias has

>   been registered, it cannot be re-registered within the Session. Use of the Token
>   Alias is optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  been registered, it cannot be re-registered within the Session without first
  being deleted. Use of the Token Alias is optional.
```

Note that since Setup parameters use a separate namespace, it is impossible for
these parameters to appear in Setup messages.

#### AUTHORIZATION TOKEN {#authorization-token}

> AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter (Parameter Type 0x01) identifies a track's

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter (Parameter Type 0x01) identifies a track's
```

authorization information in a SUBSCRIBE, SUBSCRIBE_ANNOUNCES, ANNOUNCE
TRACK_STATUS_REQUEST or FETCH message. This parameter is populated for
cases where the authorization is required at the track level.

> The AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter MAY be repeated within a message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter MAY be repeated within a message as long as they aren't duplicates, otherwise the receiver MUST close the session with "Protocol Violation".
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be sufficient to state that the Token Type MUST be unique?

> The TOKEN value is a structured object containing an optional session-specific

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The TOKEN value is a structured object as defined below:
```

> The TOKEN value is a structured object containing an optional session-specific

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The TOKEN value is a structured object as defined below:
```

alias. The Alias allows the client to reference a previously transmitted TOKEN
in future messages. The TOKEN value is serialized as follows:

~~~
TOKEN {

>   Token Type (i),

Reviewer 5: What's the scenario where you would declare a different Token Type when using the alias subsequently? I'd think it's more natural to say that the Token Type and Token Value appear or are omitted together.

Reviewer 6: agree

  Alias Type (i),
  [Token Alias (i),]
  [Token Value (..)]
}
~~~
{: #moq-token format title="AUTHORIZATION TOKEN value"}

* Token Type - a numeric identifier for the type of Token payload being
  transmitted. This type is defined by the IANA table "MOQT Auth Token Type". See
  {{iana}}. Type 0 is reserved to indicate that the type is not defined in the
  table and must be negotiated out-of-band between client and receiver.

* Alias Type - an integer defining both the serialization and the processing
  behavior of the receiver. This Alias type has the following code points:

|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| Code | Name       | Serialization and behavior                           |
|-----:|:-----------|------------------------------------------------------|

> | 0x0  | DELETE     | There is an Alias but no Value. This Alias and the   |

Reviewer 7: I don't know if I'm missing something, but the deletion semantics seem a little odd to me. Let's say a SUBSCRIBE message introduces an authorization token, and the client later wants to retire that token. Is it true then, that they'd have to piggy-back the deletion on a future message like a SUBSCRIBE or SUBSCRIBE_ANNOUNCES? Why not have deletion just be a separate control message, rather than having this piggy-backing logic?

|      |            | Token Value it was previously associated with MUST be|
|      |            | retired. Retiring removes them from the pool of      |

> |      |            | actively registered tokens.                          |

Reviewer 3: This makes sense. However,  I wonder how can we enforce that the server did remove the mapping. 
Is the idea to remove the entry on the server to reuse the alias ? If so, this seems slightly complicated or not needed. Instead if the requirement is to help server memory, I doubt if this helps much. Since, if the server is constrained by memory to store tokens, it might close the session.

Reviewer 2: > Is the idea to remove the entry on the server to reuse the alias

Because the receiver limits the space available for tokens to be reused, it needs a mechanism to delete/retire old ones so it can use new ones.  It does not have to reuse the alias value, but it is allowed.

> if the server is constrained by memory to store tokens, it might close the session.

The goal is predictable and interoperable behavior between implementations.  You declare the amount of memory you are willing to allocate to token storage, and the subscriber is responsible for staying under the limit.  I think the model is very similar to HTTP header compression and we have a lot of experience with that.

|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x1  | REGISTER   | There is an Alias and a Value. This Alias MUST be    |
|      |            | associated with the Token Value for the duration of  |
|      |            | the Session. This action is termed "registering" the |
|      |            | Token.                                               |
|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x2  | USE_ALIAS  | There is an Alias and no Value. Use the Token Value  |

> |      |            | previously registered with this Alias.               |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
|      |            | previously registered with this Alias.   A client uses this when sending further control messages after initially registering the token that still is valid, to avoid resending the Token Value each time.       |
```

|------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|
| 0x3  | USE_VALUE  | There is no Alias and there is a Value. Use the Token|
|      |            | Value as provided. The Token Value may be discarded  |
|      |            | after processing.                                    |

> |------|------------|------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer 3: Wondering if we need this special case at all ? Why can't always have token mapped to an alias.

Reviewer 2: A single token larger than the receiver's token storage cannot be registered.

* Token Alias - a session-specific integer identifier that references a Token
  Value. The Token Alias MUST be unique within the Session. Once a Token Alias has
  been registered, it cannot be re-registered within the Session without first
  being deleted. Use of the Token Alias is optional.

* Token Value - the payload of the Token. The contents and serialization of this
  payload are defined by the Token Type.

The receiver of a message containing an invalid AUTHORIZATION TOKEN parameter MUST
reject that message with an "Invalid Auth Token" error. This may be due to invalid
serialization, referencing an alias which has not been registered, attempting to
register an alias which has been previously registered, or providing a token value

> which does not match the declared Token type.

Reviewer 3: We should also add the case of token that failed authorization to the list.

Reviewer 2: There's already Unauthorized code for that in each response.  The cases listed here can all be Session errors as well.  Given then seriousness of getting Auth mixed up, that might be safer.

Using an Alias to refer to a previously registered Token Value is for efficiency
only and has the same effect as if the Token Value was included directly.
Retiring an Alias that was previously used to authorize a message has no
retroactive effect on the original authorization, nor does it prevent that same
Token Value being re-registered.

Clients SHOULD only register tokens which they intend to re-use during the session.

> Client SHOULD retire previously registered tokens once their utility has passed.

Reviewer 3: Token's expiry should be the way to retire a token and I am not aware of use-cases where retiring by remove a token typically works.  Love to learn more about the use-case for this .

Reviewer 2: MoQT has no notion of token expiry, tokens are just blobs.  Do you think we should pull that into the MoQT Token structure?

Reviewer 3: I don't think so. I was trying to differentiate the case when token is malformed due to serde error vs when token failed to authorize. Since we have authz error, this looks fine .

Reviewer 2: I added an error code for Expired, and explanatory text saying that receiver doesn't need to keep state after it detects an expiration, other than that Alias=X is expired.

Author: > Token's expiry should be the way to retire a token and I am not aware of use-cases where retiring by remove a token typically works. Love to learn more about the use-case for this .

A player may be a given a token by its CMS to allow it to subscribe to a long running live stream for 20min. Every 20min it is given a new token for an additional 20min. This strategy is often used to force pirates to roll their token sharing at a higher rate. So the player would want to retire the old token when providing the new token, so that it doesn't run in to the MAX_AUTH_TOKEN_CACHE_SIZE limit.

By registering a Token, the client is requiring the receiver to store the Token Alias

> and Token Value until they are retired, or the Session ends. The receiver can protect

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
and Token Value until they are expired, retired, or the Session ends. The receiver can protect
```

> its resources by sending a SETUP parameter defining the MAX_AUTH_SIZE {{max-auth-size}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
its resources by sending a SETUP parameter defining the TOTAL_TOKEN_SIZE_IN_BYTES{total-token-size-in-bytes}}
```

value for the Maximum Subscribe ID to the receiving subscriber. The default
value is 0, so if not specified, the peer MUST NOT create subscriptions.

#### MAX_AUTH_SIZE {#max-auth-size}

The MAX_AUTH_SIZE parameter (Parameter Type 0x04) communicates the maximum
size in bytes of all actively registered Authorization tokens that the server

> is willing to store per Session. This parameter is optional. The total size is

Reviewer 2: If it's optional, indicate if the default is 0 (no aliases allowed) or something else.

Author: I'd prefer a default of unlimited. Setting it to 0 blocks the use of alias for auth which is counter-productive for the performance of the protocol. Setting it to unlimited allows aliases to work by default which improves performance. The onus is on the relay to protect itself by setting a reasonable limit.

Author: Fixed with commit https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/760/commits/95359821825f824876898e49fbdf169d92a97b6a

> calculated as the sum of the size of all registered tokens (Alias Type value of
> 0x01 - see {{moq-token}})  minus the size for all deregistered tokens
> (Alias Type value of 0x00), since Session initiation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
calculated as the sum of the size of all currently registered Token Values.
```

Reviewer 2: I'll note that some fixed overhead per token might also be nice, to prevent the peer registering many 1 byte tokens.

Author: Added 8 bytes of fixed overhead per token, with https://github.com/moq-wg/moq-transport/pull/760/commits/95359821825f824876898e49fbdf169d92a97b6a

value for the Maximum Subscribe ID to the receiving subscriber. The default
value is 0, so if not specified, the peer MUST NOT create subscriptions.

#### MAX_AUTH_SIZE {#max-auth-size}

The MAX_AUTH_SIZE parameter (Parameter Type 0x04) communicates the maximum
size in bytes of all actively registered Authorization tokens that the server
is willing to store per Session. This parameter is optional. The default value
is 0 which prohibits the use of token aliases.

The token size is calculated as 8 bytes + the size of the Token value
(see {{moq-token}}). The total size as restricted by the MAX_AUTH_SIZE parameter

> is calculated as the sum of the token sizes for all registered tokens (Alias Type

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
is calculated as the sum of the token sizes for all actively registered tokens (Alias Type
```

|------|---------------------------|
| 0x6  | Retry Track Alias         |
|------|---------------------------|

> | 0x7  | Invalid Auth alias        |

Reviewer 2: If the same code is common to multiple messages, can we give it a consistent number?  I realized this will renumber some other error codes but that's probably fine.

|------|---------------------------|
| 0x6  | Retry Track Alias         |
|------|---------------------------|

> | 0x7  | Invalid Auth Token        |

Reviewer 2: I'd move this up to 0x4 and shift the others down, since all the common error codes go first.  Though now that my impl is trying to support multiple versions, shifting error codes in each version could be a huge pain.

Author: I've already moved them twice as other PRs insert new values. I rather save the reordering for an editorial pass at the end of draft development.

|------|---------------------------|

> | 0x8  | Max Auth Limit Exceeded   |

Reviewer 2: Make this a session error rather than a per-request error.

Reviewer 2: The onus is on the sender to track how many bytes are in the token cache and not overflow it.  If the sender doesn't do this, random requests will fail and it needs to add fallback/deletion logic when its completely unnecessary.

The logic should be something like this:

```
subscribe(track, token_type, token):
  params = []
  auto alias = token_cache.get_alias_for(token)
  if alias is None:
    if length(token) < token_cache.get_max():
      while not token_cache.has_room(token):
        params.append(AUTH_TOKEN, {
            token_type=0, alias_type=DELETE, alias=token_cache.evict_one(), value=None})
      alias = token_cache.insert(token)
      alias_type = REGISTER
  else:
    alias_type = USING_ALIAS
    token = None
     
  params.append(AUTH_TOKEN, {
    token_type=token_type, alias_type=alias_type, alias=alias, value=token})
```

This is guaranteed not to fail with "Max Auth Limit Exceeded".

|------|---------------------------|
| 0x6  | Retry Track Alias         |
|------|---------------------------|

> | 0x7  | Invalid Auth Token        |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| 0x7  | Malformed Auth Token        |
```

* Retry Track Alias - The publisher requires the subscriber to use the given
  Track Alias when subscribing.

* Invalid Auth Token - An invalid Authorization token was provided. This may
  be due to invalid serialization, referencing an alias which has not been
  registered, or attempting to register an alias which has been previously

>   registered.

Reviewer 3: We need to add token expiry to the list too.

* No Objects - The beginning of the requested range is after the latest group
  and object for the track, or the track has not published any objects.

* Invalid Joining Request ID - The joining Fetch referenced a Request ID that
  did not belong to an active Subscription.

* Malformed Auth Token - Invalid Auth Token serialization during registration
  (see {{authorization-token}}).

> * Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authroization Token refers to an alias that is

Author: ```suggestion
* Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authorization Token refers to an alias that is
```

* Uninterested - The namespace is not of interest to the endpoint.

* Malformed Auth Token - Invalid Auth Token serialization during registration
  (see {{authorization-token}}).

> * Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authroization Token refers to an alias that is

Author: ```suggestion
* Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authorization Token refers to an alias that is
```

* Namespace Prefix Overlap - The namespace prefix overlaps with another
  SUBSCRIBE_ANNOUNCES in the same session.

* Malformed Auth Token - Invalid Auth Token serialization during registration
  (see {{authorization-token}}).

> * Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authroization Token refers to an alias that is

Author: ```suggestion
* Unknown Auth Token Alias - Authorization Token refers to an alias that is
```
